rolling_stock.md, before:

# Rolling Stock

## Locomotives

Owner | Number   | Class | Coupling        | Manufacturer | Model   | DCC  | Details
------|---------:|-------|-----------------|--------------|---------|-----:|---------
AC    | 7738     | 5700  | Bachmann Mk1 TL | Replica      | 11001   | ∅    | GWR 0-6-0PT in green with "shirtbutton" roundel
JRHA  | 7768     | 5700  | Bachmann Mk1 TL | Replica      | 11001   | ∅    | GWR 0-6-0PT in green with "shirtbutton" roundel
JRHA  | 06003    | 06    | Large TL        | Hornby       | …       | 6003 | NR 0-4-0 diesel-mechanical shunter in Engineer's Yellow
AC    | 09026    | 09/0  | Large TL        | Lima         | …       | ∅    | BR 0-6-0 diesel-electric in Rail Blue
JRHA  | 73138    | 73/1  | Bachmann Mk2 TL | Hornby       | …       | 3138 | NR Bo-Bo electro-diesel in Engineer's Yellow, 90 mph max speed
JRHA  | 32500    | E4    | Bachmann Mk2 TL | Bachmann     | 35-078  | ∅    | LB&SCR 0-6-2T in Lined Black, Late Crest
JRHA  | 60163    | A1    | Bachmann Mk2 TL | Bachmann     | 32-550A |  163 | LNER 4-6-2 in BR Apple Green
JRHA  | 55022    | 55    | Large TL        | Lima         | …       | 5022 | BR Co-Co diesel-electric in Rail Blue
JRHA  | 1220     | 1200  | European Loop   | Lima         | …       | 1220 | NS Co-Co electric in NS Grey and Yellow Livery
JRHA  | 4        | 101   | Large TL        | Hornby       | …       | ∅    | GWR 0-4-0PT in Bright Green
JRHA  | 8        | 0F    | Large TL        | Hornby       | …       | ∅    | Highland Railway 0-4-0ST in Caledonian Railway Blue
JRHA  | 1306     | Mv9   | Mini TL & Profi | Fleischmann  | 11/1344 | ∅    | O&K Industrial Shunter in Dark Green with Yellow lining
JRHA  | 1306     | Mv9   | Mini TL & Profi | Fleischmann  | 11/1344 | ∅    | O&K Industrial Shunter in Dark Green with Yellow lining
JRHA  | 012      | 101   | Large TL        | Hornby       | R1210   | ∅    | GWR 0-4-0PT in Red "Santa Express" Livery
JRHA  | 11156    | Re4/4 | Mini TL         | Fleischmann  | 4340    | 1156 | SBB/FFS in Dark Green
JRHA  | MPP0007  | WT 27 | ∅               | Bachmann     | 32-993  | ∅    | Type 27 Wickham Trolley and trailer in Engineers Yellow with wasp stripes
JRHA  | 127001-6 | ES64P | European Loop   | Lima         | 208412  |  127 | Siemens Krauss-Maffei Bo-Bo Electric EuroSprinter Prototype

## Coaches

Owner | Number | Type   | Coupling  | Details
------|-------:|--------|-----------|---------
AC    | W34860 | BSK    | Small TL  | BR Mk 1 in Chocolate and Cream
JRHA  |   4920 | BCK    | Large TL  | GWR Collett Composite Brake in Chocolate and Cream with "coat of arms" logo
JRHA  |   6050 | CK     | Large TL  | 2 × GWR Collett Composite in Chocolate and Cream with "coat of arms" logo
JRHA  | …      | TY     | Large TL  | Third class 4-wheel coach in Maroon
JRHA  |  82207 | DVT    | Large TL  | Mark 4 DVT in InterCity Swallow Livery

## Wagons

Owner | Number  | Type              | Coupling  | Details
------|--------:|-------------------|-----------|---------
JRHA  | …       | 20T Brake Van     | Hornby TL | Ex-LNER 'Toad E' goods brake van in Engineer's Yellow, NR Livery
JRHA  | …       | 12T Tank Wagon    | Hornby TL | Hurst Nelson 12 ton Tank Wagon in Engineer's Yellow, NR Livery
JRHA  | …       | 13T Open Wagon    | Hornby TL | 13T Medfit steel open wagon in Engineer's Yellow, NR Livery
AC    | 24361   | 12T Open Wagon    | Medium TL | LMS 12T 5 plank open wagon in grey
AC    | W68855  | 20T Brake Van     | Medium TL | Ex-GWR 20 ton 'Toad' brake van in grey
AC    | 221119  | 12T Lowfit        | Medium TL | NER 12 ton 1 plank Lowfit wagon in bauxite
AC    | 70247   | 30T Bogie Bolster | Medium TL | GWR 30 ton 'Macaw B' (BR Bogie Bolster C) in grey
AC    | 123507  | 12T Van           | Medium TL | GWR 12 ton 'Mink' ventilated van in grey
AC    | 51      | 10T Open Wagon    | Large TL  | Trimsaran Co Ltd 3 plank private owner wagon in red
JRHA  | …       | Closed Van        | Large TL  | Weetabix van in Yellow
JRHA  | 230069  | 18T Ventilated    | Large TL  | In BR Goods Livery
JRHA  | …       | Horsebox          | Large TL  | In LMS Red Livery
JRHA  | …       | 8T Open Wagon     | Large TL  | 2 × In Blue, with Crook & Greenway Livery
JRHA  | …       | 8T Open Wagon     | Large TL  | In Red, with Hornby 1992 anniversary livery
JRHA  | AR14228 | 37.5T Hopper      | Large TL  | In Beige, ARC Amey Roadstone


# Abbreviations

Abbrev. | Meaning
--------|---------
BCK     | Brake Composite Corridor
BSK     | Brake Standard Corridor
DCC     | Digital Command Control
DVT     | Driving Van Trailer
GWR     | Great Western Railway
LB&SCR  | London, Brighton and South Coast Railway
LNER    | London and North Eastern Railway
NER     | North Eastern Railway
NR      | Network Rail
TY      | Third-class, four wheel
TL      | Tension Lock

Commit message:

Add Manufacturer and Model columns to Coaches table

rolling_stock.md, after:

# Rolling Stock

## Locomotives

Owner | Number   | Class | Coupling        | Manufacturer | Model   | DCC  | Details
------|---------:|-------|-----------------|--------------|---------|-----:|---------
AC    | 7738     | 5700  | Bachmann Mk1 TL | Replica      | 11001   | ∅    | GWR 0-6-0PT in green with "shirtbutton" roundel
JRHA  | 7768     | 5700  | Bachmann Mk1 TL | Replica      | 11001   | ∅    | GWR 0-6-0PT in green with "shirtbutton" roundel
JRHA  | 06003    | 06    | Large TL        | Hornby       | …       | 6003 | NR 0-4-0 diesel-mechanical shunter in Engineer's Yellow
AC    | 09026    | 09/0  | Large TL        | Lima         | …       | ∅    | BR 0-6-0 diesel-electric in Rail Blue
JRHA  | 73138    | 73/1  | Bachmann Mk2 TL | Hornby       | …       | 3138 | NR Bo-Bo electro-diesel in Engineer's Yellow, 90 mph max speed
JRHA  | 32500    | E4    | Bachmann Mk2 TL | Bachmann     | 35-078  | ∅    | LB&SCR 0-6-2T in Lined Black, Late Crest
JRHA  | 60163    | A1    | Bachmann Mk2 TL | Bachmann     | 32-550A |  163 | LNER 4-6-2 in BR Apple Green
JRHA  | 55022    | 55    | Large TL        | Lima         | …       | 5022 | BR Co-Co diesel-electric in Rail Blue
JRHA  | 1220     | 1200  | European Loop   | Lima         | …       | 1220 | NS Co-Co electric in NS Grey and Yellow Livery
JRHA  | 4        | 101   | Large TL        | Hornby       | …       | ∅    | GWR 0-4-0PT in Bright Green
JRHA  | 8        | 0F    | Large TL        | Hornby       | …       | ∅    | Highland Railway 0-4-0ST in Caledonian Railway Blue
JRHA  | 1306     | Mv9   | Mini TL & Profi | Fleischmann  | 11/1344 | ∅    | O&K Industrial Shunter in Dark Green with Yellow lining
JRHA  | 1306     | Mv9   | Mini TL & Profi | Fleischmann  | 11/1344 | ∅    | O&K Industrial Shunter in Dark Green with Yellow lining
JRHA  | 012      | 101   | Large TL        | Hornby       | R1210   | ∅    | GWR 0-4-0PT in Red "Santa Express" Livery
JRHA  | 11156    | Re4/4 | Mini TL         | Fleischmann  | 4340    | 1156 | SBB/FFS in Dark Green
JRHA  | MPP0007  | WT 27 | ∅               | Bachmann     | 32-993  | ∅    | Type 27 Wickham Trolley and trailer in Engineers Yellow with wasp stripes
JRHA  | 127001-6 | ES64P | European Loop   | Lima         | 208412  |  127 | Siemens Krauss-Maffei Bo-Bo Electric EuroSprinter Prototype

## Coaches

Owner | Number | Type   | Coupling  | Manufacturer | Model      | Details
------|-------:|--------|-----------|--------------|------------|---------
AC    | W34860 | BSK    | Small TL  | …            | …          | BR Mk 1 in Chocolate and Cream
JRHA  | 4920   | BCK    | Large TL  | Hornby       | …          | GWR Collett Composite Brake in Chocolate and Cream with "coat of arms" logo
JRHA  | 6050   | CK     | Large TL  | Hornby       | …          | 2 × GWR Collett Composite in Chocolate and Cream with "coat of arms" logo
JRHA  | ∅      | TY     | Large TL  | Hornby       | R016?      | 4-wheel coach in Engineer's Yellow — Track Maintenance Department
JRHA  | ∅      | TY     | Large TL  | Hornby       | R016 * 060 | Third class 4-wheel coach in Maroon
JRHA  | 12     | TY     | Large TL  | Hornby       | R016?      | 3 × Composite 4-wheel coach in Chocolate and Cream
JRHA  | 82207  | DVT    | Large TL  | Hornby       | …          | Mark 4 DVT in InterCity Swallow Livery

## Wagons

Owner | Number  | Type              | Coupling  | Details
------|--------:|-------------------|-----------|---------
JRHA  | …       | 20T Brake Van     | Hornby TL | Ex-LNER 'Toad E' goods brake van in Engineer's Yellow, NR Livery
JRHA  | …       | 12T Tank Wagon    | Hornby TL | Hurst Nelson 12 ton Tank Wagon in Engineer's Yellow, NR Livery
JRHA  | …       | 13T Open Wagon    | Hornby TL | 13T Medfit steel open wagon in Engineer's Yellow, NR Livery
AC    | 24361   | 12T Open Wagon    | Medium TL | LMS 12T 5 plank open wagon in grey
AC    | W68855  | 20T Brake Van     | Medium TL | Ex-GWR 20 ton 'Toad' brake van in grey
AC    | 221119  | 12T Lowfit        | Medium TL | NER 12 ton 1 plank Lowfit wagon in bauxite
AC    | 70247   | 30T Bogie Bolster | Medium TL | GWR 30 ton 'Macaw B' (BR Bogie Bolster C) in grey
AC    | 123507  | 12T Van           | Medium TL | GWR 12 ton 'Mink' ventilated van in grey
AC    | 51      | 10T Open Wagon    | Large TL  | Trimsaran Co Ltd 3 plank private owner wagon in red
JRHA  | …       | Closed Van        | Large TL  | Weetabix van in Yellow
JRHA  | 230069  | 18T Ventilated    | Large TL  | In BR Goods Livery
JRHA  | …       | Horsebox          | Large TL  | In LMS Red Livery
JRHA  | …       | 8T Open Wagon     | Large TL  | 2 × In Blue, with Crook & Greenway Livery
JRHA  | …       | 8T Open Wagon     | Large TL  | In Red, with Hornby 1992 anniversary livery
JRHA  | AR14228 | 37.5T Hopper      | Large TL  | In Beige, ARC Amey Roadstone


# Abbreviations

Abbrev. | Meaning
--------|---------
BCK     | Brake Composite Corridor
BSK     | Brake Standard Corridor
DCC     | Digital Command Control
DVT     | Driving Van Trailer
GWR     | Great Western Railway
LB&SCR  | London, Brighton and South Coast Railway
LNER    | London and North Eastern Railway
NER     | North Eastern Railway
NR      | Network Rail
TY      | Third-class, four wheel
TL      | Tension Lock
